1	A. British Authors 1850-1899	Which author created the character Ebenezer Scrooge?	Charles Dickens
2	A. British Authors 1850-1899	Who penned the novel "Wuthering Heights"?	Emily Brontë
3	A. British Authors 1850-1899	Who created the detective Sherlock Holmes?	Arthur Conan Doyle
4	A. British Authors 1850-1899	Who wrote the gothic novel "Dracula"?	Bram Stoker
5	A. British Authors 1850-1899	Which British author wrote "Tess of the d'Urbervilles"?	Thomas Hardy
1	B. Golf Techniques	What is the name of the area where the hole is located?	Green
2	B. Golf Techniques	What is the term for a score of one under par on a hole?	Birdie
3	B. Golf Techniques	What is it called when the ball curves left for a right-handed golfer?	Hook
4	B. Golf Techniques	What swing fault causes the ball to veer sharply right for a right-handed golfer?	Slice
5	B. Golf Techniques	What technique involves hitting the ball from sand?	Bunker shot
1	C. Paleontological Sites	What U.S. state hosts the La Brea Tar Pits?	California
2	C. Paleontological Sites	In what starte were the first Tyrannosaurus rex fossils found?	Montana, USA
3	C. Paleontological Sites	What Mongolian desert yielded Velociraptor remains?	Gobi Desert
4	C. Paleontological Sites	In what rugged region, spanning parts of Chile and Argentina, were massive sauropod fossils unearthed?	Patagonia
5	C. Paleontological Sites	What site in Dorset, England yielded the first dinosaur bone in 1811?	Lyme Regis
1	D. Groundbreaking Drama Series	Which show portrays a medieval struggle for the Iron Throne?	Game of Thrones
2	D. Groundbreaking Drama Series	What show features mob boss Tony in therapy?	The Sopranos
3	D. Groundbreaking Drama Series	What show depicts a chemistry teacher turned drug lord?	Breaking Bad
4	D. Groundbreaking Drama Series	What drama centers on a corrupt Atlantic City politician?	Boardwalk Empire
5	D. Groundbreaking Drama Series	Which series follows the ad men of Madison Avenue in the 1960s?	Mad Men
1	E. Historical Cartography	Which ancient civilization’s maps showed the Nile’s course?	Egypt
2	E. Historical Cartography	Who mapped the Pacific Ocean during his 18th-century voyages?	James Cook
3	E. Historical Cartography	What 13th-century English map is famous for its circular design? It's name is Latin, meaning "Map of the World".	Mappa Mundi
4	E. Historical Cartography	What map view was introduced by Gerardus Mercator in 1569?	Mercator projection
5	E. Historical Cartography	Who created the first known world map in the 2nd century?	Ptolemy