1	A. Egyptian Mythology in Literature	What sun god battles Apep in Neil Gaiman’s "American Gods"?	Ra
2	A. Egyptian Mythology in Literature	Which goddess of magic is central to "The Red Pyramid"?	Isis
3	A. Egyptian Mythology in Literature	Which god’s eye is a symbol of protection in "The Book of the Dead"?	Horus
4	A. Egyptian Mythology in Literature	What serpent of chaos threatens order in Egyptian myths?	Apep
5	A. Egyptian Mythology in Literature	What cat goddess protects homes in "The Cat of Bubastes"?	Bastet
1	B. Civil Rights Act of 1964	Which movement leader, later assassinated pushed for the Civil Rights Act?	Martin Luther King Jr.
2	B. Civil Rights Act of 1964	Which U.S. president signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	Lyndon Johnson
3	B. Civil Rights Act of 1964	Which amendment inspired parts of the Civil Rights Act?	Fourteenth
4	B. Civil Rights Act of 1964	What march preceded the Civil Rights Act of 1964?	March on Washington
5	B. Civil Rights Act of 1964	Which senator filibustered the Civil Rights Act for 75 hours?	Strom Thurmond
1	C. Nature in Georgia USA	What river flows through Atlanta, Georgia?	Chattahoochee
2	C. Nature in Georgia USA	What forested mountain range runs through northern Georgia?	Blue Ridge
3	C. Nature in Georgia USA	What tree is Georgia’s state tree, known for its acorns?	Live Oak
4	C. Nature in Georgia USA	What large swamp in Georgia is home to alligators?	Okefenokee
5	C. Nature in Georgia USA	Which Georgia flower is known as the Cherokee Rose?	Rosa Laevigata
1	D. History of Video Games	Which 1972 game by Atari became a home console hit?	Pong
2	D. History of Video Games	What Nintendo game introduced Mario in 1981?	Donkey Kong
3	D. History of Video Games	What Sega console launched Sonic the Hedgehog in 1991?	Genesis
4	D. History of Video Games	Which 1980 game had players eat dots and ghosts?	Pac-Man
5	D. History of Video Games	What 1985 game saved the video game industry slump?	Super Mario Bros.
1	E. Eiffel Tower and Other European Landmarks	Which Italian tower leans due to unstable ground?	Leaning Tower of Pisa
2	E. Eiffel Tower and Other European Landmarks	What ancient Roman arena hosted gladiator fights?	Colosseum
3	E. Eiffel Tower and Other European Landmarks	What river flows beneath the Eiffel Tower?	Seine
4	E. Eiffel Tower and Other European Landmarks	What stone circle in England is a prehistoric monument?	Stonehenge
5	E. Eiffel Tower and Other European Landmarks	Which Russian palace is famous for its Winter Palace?	Hermitage