1	A. Jackson Pollock	What substance did Jackson Pollock struggle with, impacting his career?	Alcohol
2	A. Jackson Pollock	What painting technique is Jackson Pollock most famous for?	Drip painting
3	A. Jackson Pollock	In which decade did Jackson Pollock create his most famous drip paintings?	1940s
4	A. Jackson Pollock	What is the name of the art movement Jackson Pollock is associated with?	Abstract Expressionism
5	A. Jackson Pollock	In which state was Jackson Pollock born in 1912?	Wyoming
1	B. Chemical Reactions	What gas, essential for life, is produced during photosynthesis?	Oxygen
2	B. Chemical Reactions	What type of reaction absorbs heat energy from its surroundings?	Endothermic
3	B. Chemical Reactions	What is the term for a reaction that releases heat energy?	Exothermic
4	B. Chemical Reactions	What is the term for a substance that speeds up a chemical reaction without being consumed?	Catalyst
5	B. Chemical Reactions	What type of reaction occurs when an acid and a base react to form water and a salt?	Neutralization
1	C. Monasticism in the Middle Ages	What was the term for a monk who supervised the daily operations of a monastery?	Abbot
2	C. Monasticism in the Middle Ages	What was the primary language used in monastic manuscripts during the Middle Ages?	Latin
3	C. Monasticism in the Middle Ages	What was the name of the communal living spaces where monks resided?	Monasteries
4	C. Monasticism in the Middle Ages	What term describes monks living in isolation, away from society?	Hermits
5	C. Monasticism in the Middle Ages	What is the name of the monk who established a strict set of rules for monastic life in the 6th century?	Saint Benedict
1	D. Snowmobile Racing	What is the name of the protective gear worn on the head during snowmobile racing?	Helmet
2	D. Snowmobile Racing	What is the term for the spikes on snowmobile tracks that improve traction?	Studs
3	D. Snowmobile Racing	What is the term for a sudden stop or crash in snowmobile racing?	Wipeout
4	D. Snowmobile Racing	What is the name of the snowmobile racing event that covers long distances over multiple days?	Cross-country
5	D. Snowmobile Racing	What type of engine powers most modern racing snowmobiles?	Two-stroke
1	E. Famous Island Nations	What island nation is known for its cherry blossoms and Mount Fuji?	Japan
2	E. Famous Island Nations	What is the largest island nation in the Caribbean by land area?	Cuba
3	E. Famous Island Nations	What island nation is famous for its reggae music and culture?	Jamaica
4	E. Famous Island Nations	What island nation is famous for its geothermal hot springs and geysers?	Iceland
5	E. Famous Island Nations	What is the name of the island nation that gained independence from the UK in 1948?	Sri Lanka