1	A. Basketball Legends	Which player was nicknamed "Air Jordan" for his dunks?	Michael Jordan
2	A. Basketball Legends	Who famously scored 100 points in a single game in 1962?	Wilt Chamberlain
3	A. Basketball Legends	Which center dominated with the skyhook shot for the Lakers?	Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
4	A. Basketball Legends	Which player was known as "The Big Diesel" for his power?	Shaquille O’Neal
5	A. Basketball Legends	Who set the record for most assists in NBA history?	John Stockton
1	B. Movie with States Name in the Title	This is a musical is about a state where "the wind comes sweeping down the plains"	Oklahoma!
2	B. Movie with States Name in the Title	Melanie (Reese Witherspoon) returns to Alabama to divorce her childhood sweetheart	Sweet Home Alabama
3	B. Movie with States Name in the Title	An aging, delusional Woody Grant (Bruce Dern) believes he’s won a million-dollars.	Nebrasaka
4	B. Movie with States Name in the Title	Rebellious teen Rachel (Lindsay Lohan) is sent to live with her strict grandmother	Georgia Rule
5	B. Movie with States Name in the Title	Claire (Kyra Sedgwick), a hitwoman, and her partner Nick (Stanley Tucci) work for a crime boss	Montana
1	C. Mythological Creatures in Literature	Which one-eyed giant traps Odysseus in "The Odyssey"?	Cyclops
2	C. Mythological Creatures in Literature	Which snake-haired woman turns men to stone in "Perseus"?	Medusa
3	C. Mythological Creatures in Literature	What winged horse stars in Greek myths and "Clash of the Titans"?	Pegasus
4	C. Mythological Creatures in Literature	Which Egyptian creature with a human head guards the pyramids?	Sphinx
5	C. Mythological Creatures in Literature	What creature with a lion’s body and eagle’s wings guards treasure in Greek tales?	Griffin
1	D. Engineering Marvels	Which modern marvel connects San Francisco to Marin County?	Golden Gate Bridge
2	D. Engineering Marvels	Which modern dam harnesses the Colorado River’s power?	Hoover Dam
3	D. Engineering Marvels	What Roman marvel brought water to cities across the empire?	Aqueducts
4	D. Engineering Marvels	Which modern marvel tunnels under the English Channel?	Channel Tunnel
5	D. Engineering Marvels	What ancient structure guided ships with a fire atop Alexandria?	Lighthouse of Alexandria
1	E. Geography of Texas	What river forms Texas’s southern border with Mexico?	Rio Grande
2	E. Geography of Texas	What Texas hill country city is known for music and tech?	Austin
3	E. Geography of Texas	Which Texas region is famous for its pine forests?	East Texas
4	E. Geography of Texas	Which river flows through San Antonio?	San Antonio River
5	E. Geography of Texas	What Texas panhandle city is near Palo Duro Canyon?	Amarillo