1	A. Golden Age of Hollywood	Which movie is considered the first feature-length "talkie"?	The Jazz Singer
2	A. Golden Age of Hollywood	Which 1939 film is often called the greatest movie of the Golden Age?	Gone with the Wind
3	A. Golden Age of Hollywood	Which Golden Age director is famous for suspenseful films like Psycho and Rear Window?	Alfred Hitchcock
4	A. Golden Age of Hollywood	Which actress earned the nickname "The Blonde Bombshell"?	Jean Harlow
5	A. Golden Age of Hollywood	What was the production code that set moral guidelines for films?	Hays Code
1	B. Age of Exploration	Who is credited with discovering the Americas in 1492?	Christopher Columbus
2	B. Age of Exploration	Which Portuguese explorer was the first to reach India by sea?	Vasco da Gama
3	B. Age of Exploration	Which explorer gave his name to the Americas?	Amerigo Vespucci
4	B. Age of Exploration	What was the Northwest Passage sought by many explorers?	A sea route to Asia through North America
5	B. Age of Exploration	Which Spanish conquistador defeated the Aztec Empire?	Hernán Cortés
1	C. Ancient Greek Sculpture	What material was commonly used in Ancient Greek sculptures?	Marble
2	C. Ancient Greek Sculpture	What is the Venus de Milo statue missing?	Arms
3	C. Ancient Greek Sculpture	Which Ancient Greek sculptor created the statue of Athena Parthenos?	Phidias
4	C. Ancient Greek Sculpture	Which Greek period emphasized realism and emotion in sculpture?	Hellenistic Period
5	C. Ancient Greek Sculpture	Who is the famous sculptor of the statue of Zeus at Olympia?	Phidias
1	D. Continents of the World	Which is the largest continent by area?	Asia
2	D. Continents of the World	What continent is also considered a country?	Australia
3	D. Continents of the World	Which is the smallest continent by area?	Australia
4	D. Continents of the World	Which continent has the most countries?	Africa
5	D. Continents of the World	Which continent is covered almost entirely by ice?	Antarctica
1	E. Skeletal System	Which part of the skeleton protects the brain?	Skull
2	E. Skeletal System	What is the scientific name for the collarbone?	Clavicle
3	E. Skeletal System	What is the longest bone in the human body?	Femur
4	E. Skeletal System	Which mineral is essential for strong bones?	Calcium
5	E. Skeletal System	What are the bones in the fingers and toes called?	Phalanges