1	A. Baroque Music	What is a famous Baroque keyboard instrument?	Harpsichord
2	A. Baroque Music	Who composed the "Brandenburg Concertos"?	Johann Sebastian Bach
3	A. Baroque Music	Which composer is known for "The Four Seasons"?	Antonio Vivaldi
4	A. Baroque Music	Which Baroque composer wrote "Water Music"?	George Frideric Handel
5	A. Baroque Music	What does "Baroque" mean in Portuguese?	Irregular pearl
1	B. Pollution in History	What was the main cause of pollution during the Industrial Revolution?	Coal burning
2	B. Pollution in History	Which harmful gas is a major contributor to air pollution?	Carbon dioxide
3	B. Pollution in History	Which marine disaster in 1989 caused massive oil pollution?	Exxon Valdez oil spill
4	B. Pollution in History	Which insect population is declining due to pesticide pollution?	Bees
5	B. Pollution in History	What international agreement aims to reduce air pollution?	Paris Agreement
1	C. Breakout Stars	Which singer rose to fame after winning "American Idol" in 2002?	Kelly Clarkson
2	C. Breakout Stars	Which pop star's breakout hit was "…Baby One More Time"?	Britney Spears
3	C. Breakout Stars	Who became famous after starring in "Harry Potter"?	Daniel Radcliffe
4	C. Breakout Stars	Who became a household name after starring in "Rocky"?	Sylvester Stallone
5	C. Breakout Stars	Who gained worldwide fame after her debut single "Rolling in the Deep"?	Adele
1	D. Natural Wonders	What is the name of the tallest mountain on Earth?	Mount Everest
2	D. Natural Wonders	What is the name of the world's largest coral reef system?	Great Barrier Reef
3	D. Natural Wonders	Which natural wonder is located in Arizona and is a massive canyon?	Grand Canyon
4	D. Natural Wonders	Which geyser in Yellowstone National Park is famous for its eruptions?	Old Faithful
5	D. Natural Wonders	What is the name of the active volcano located in Hawaii?	Mauna Loa
1	E. Ski Jumping	Which country is known for producing many ski jumping champions?	Norway
2	E. Ski Jumping	What is the name of the structure used to launch ski jumpers?	Jump Ramp
3	E. Ski Jumping	What is the term for the forward-leaning body position in ski jumping?	V-Style
4	E. Ski Jumping	What is the term for the point where the skier lands on the hill?	K-Point
5	E. Ski Jumping	1988 Winter Olympics, what country was Eddie the Eagle from?	England