1	Classic Disney Films	Which classic Disney princess loses her glass slipper at a royal ball?	Cinderella
2	Classic Disney Films	What Disney film is set in the African jungle and follows a boy raised by wolves?	The Jungle Book
3	Classic Disney Films	What is the name of the puppet who wants to become a real boy in a classic Disney film?	Pinocchio
4	Classic Disney Films	What Disney movie features the characters Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather?	Sleeping Beauty
5	Classic Disney Films	What is the name of the villain in "Sleeping Beauty"?	Maleficent
1	PGA Tournaments	What is the prestigious PGA tournament held annually at Augusta National Golf Club?	The Masters
2	PGA Tournaments	What is the name of the team golf competition held every two years between the USA and Europe?	Ryder Cup
3	PGA Tournaments	Who is the youngest golfer to win the Masters Tournament?	Tiger Woods
4	PGA Tournaments	What major PGA tournament is played at different courses across the United States each year?	U.S. Open
5	PGA Tournaments	Which golfer has the most PGA Tour wins in history?	Sam Snead
1	Set Design in Film	What famous fantasy film series featured the intricately designed set of Bag End?	The Lord of the Rings
2	Set Design in Film	Which dystopian film is known for its detailed futuristic cityscape sets designed by Syd Mead?	Blade Runner
3	Set Design in Film	The Overlook Hotel, featured in "The Shining," was inspired by which real hotel?	The Stanley Hotel
4	Set Design in Film	The Emerald City in "The Wizard of Oz" was one of the first sets to use which color technology?	Technicolor
5	Set Design in Film	What famous director is known for collaborating closely with production designers like Ken Adam for films like "Dr. Strangelove"?	Stanley Kubrick
1	Cell Structure	What is the control center of a cell that contains DNA?	Nucleus
2	Cell Structure	What structure surrounds the cell and controls what enters and exits?	Cell membrane
3	Cell Structure	Which organelle is responsible for photosynthesis in plant cells?	Chloroplast
4	Cell Structure	Which organelle is involved in protein synthesis and is found on the rough endoplasmic reticulum?	Ribosome
5	Cell Structure	Which small, enzyme-filled organelle is responsible for breaking down waste materials in the cell?	Lysosome
1	Geopolitical: North America	What is the largest country in North America by land area?	Canada
2	Geopolitical: North America	Which country in North America is known for its Mayan ruins, such as Chichen Itza?	Mexico
3	Geopolitical: North America	Which large island, part of North America, is governed by Denmark?	Greenland
4	Geopolitical: North America	What is the capital city of Canada?	Ottawa
5	Geopolitical: North America	What is the name of the desert that spans parts of the United States and Mexico?	Sonoran Desert