1	GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)	Where is GMT measured from?	Prime Meridian in Greenwich, London
2	GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)	What is the longitude of the Prime Meridian?	0 degrees
3	GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)	Which country first adopted GMT as its standard time?	United Kingdom
4	GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)	What replaced GMT as the world standard time?	UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)
5	GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)	What is the time difference between GMT and EST?	5 hours behind
1	World War I	Which event sparked the beginning of World War I?	Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand
2	World War I	Who was the President of the United States during World War I?	Woodrow Wilson
3	World War I	Which new weapon of war was first introduced during World War I?	Tanks
4	World War I	Which battle is known for being one of the longest and bloodiest battles of the war?	Battle of Verdun
5	World War I	What treaty ended World War I?	Treaty of Versailles
1	Chess Strategies	What is it called when neither side can force a win, resulting in a draw?	Stalemate
2	Chess Strategies	What is the term for sacrificing a piece to gain a better position?	Gambit
3	Chess Strategies	What is the name of the strategy to protect the king by moving it and the rook?	Castling
4	Chess Strategies	What is the term for a move that attacks two or more pieces simultaneously?	Fork
5	Chess Strategies	What is it called when a pawn reaches the opponent's back rank and is promoted?	Pawn Promotion
1	William Shakespeare	Which play features the characters Romeo and Juliet?	Romeo and Juliet
2	William Shakespeare	What is the famous line from Hamlet that begins with "To be"?	To be or not to be
3	William Shakespeare	What is the name of the theater associated with Shakespeare?	Globe Theatre
4	William Shakespeare	Which sonnet begins with the line "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day"?	Sonnet 18
5	William Shakespeare	What is the collection of Shakespeare's plays published in 1623 called?	First Folio
1	Popular Streaming Services	What is the most popular streaming service by subscribers worldwide?	Netflix
2	Popular Streaming Services	What streaming service offers live sports and ESPN+?	Hulu
3	Popular Streaming Services	Which streaming service is known for "The Mandalorian"?	Disney+
4	Popular Streaming Services	Which service is home to the "Game of Thrones" series?	HBO Max
5	Popular Streaming Services	What platform is known for hosting creators' videos and vlogs?	YouTube