1	A. Mechanics	What is the force that opposes motion between two surfaces in contact?	Friction
2	A. Mechanics	What term describes the tendency of an object to resist changes in motion?	Inertia
3	A. Mechanics	Who formulated the three laws of motion?	Isaac Newton
4	A. Mechanics	What is the product of mass and velocity called?	Momentum
5	A. Mechanics	What is the center point of an object's weight distribution called?	Center of Gravity
1	B. Formation of the United Nations 	What city is the headquarters of the United Nations located in?	New York
2	B. Formation of the United Nations 	Which U.S. president proposed the idea of a United Nations during World War II?	Franklin D. Roosevelt
3	B. Formation of the United Nations 	What job is the chief administrative officer of the UN?	Secretary-General
4	B. Formation of the United Nations 	Which body of the United Nations is responsible for maintaining international peace and security?	Security Council
5	B. Formation of the United Nations 	Which predecessor organization was replaced by the United Nations?	League of Nations
1	C. Human Settlements in Deserts	Which city, located in the Mojave Desert, is known for its casinos and entertainment?	Las Vegas
2	C. Human Settlements in Deserts	Which desert city in Egypt is famous for its proximity to the pyramids of Giza?	Cairo
3	C. Human Settlements in Deserts	What is the name of the capital city of Saudi Arabia, located in the Arabian Desert?	Riyadh
4	C. Human Settlements in Deserts	Ulaanbaatar, the capital of Mongolia, is located near which desert?	Gobi Desert
5	C. Human Settlements in Deserts	Which ancient city, carved into sandstone cliffs, is located in Jordan's desert region?	Petra
1	D. Action and Adventure	Which 1981 film follows the adventures of archaeologist Indiana Jones?	Raiders of the Lost Ark
2	D. Action and Adventure	Which action film series features a character named John McClane?	Die Hard
3	D. Action and Adventure	In which 2003 film does a pirate captain search for the Black Pearl?	Pirates of the Caribbean
4	D. Action and Adventure	What 2015 action film was subtitled "Fury Road"?	Mad Max
5	D. Action and Adventure	Which James Bond film introduced the character Jaws?	The Spy Who Loved Me
1	E. Famous Baseball Players	Who broke the MLB color barrier in 1947?	Jackie Robinson
2	E. Famous Baseball Players	Which famous shortstop played 2,632 consecutive games?	Cal Ripken Jr.
3	E. Famous Baseball Players	Which MLB team did Lou Gehrig play his entire career for?	New York Yankees
4	E. Famous Baseball Players	Who holds the record for the longest hitting streak in MLB history?	Joe DiMaggio
5	E. Famous Baseball Players	Which player is known as "The Sultan of Swat"?	Babe Ruth