1	A. Battle of Stalingrad	Which war was the Battle of Stalingrad part of?	World War II
2	A. Battle of Stalingrad	Which two main countries fought in the Battle of Stalingrad?	Germany and Soviet Union
3	A. Battle of Stalingrad	Which river is Stalingrad located on?	Volga River
4	A. Battle of Stalingrad	Who was the leader of the Soviet Union during the battle?	Joseph Stalin
5	A. Battle of Stalingrad	What was the outcome of the battle?	Soviet victory
1	B. UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)	What is the time difference between UTC and GMT?	None
2	B. UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)	What type of clock is used to define UTC?	Atomic clock
3	B. UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)	What city is associated with UTC's origin?	Greenwich
4	B. UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)	What time zone is UTC+0 often called?	Greenwich Mean Time
5	B. UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)	What country does not change its time from UTC year-round?	Iceland
1	C. Backcountry Navigation	What does GPS stand for?	Global Positioning System
2	C. Backcountry Navigation	What does the term "bearing" mean in navigation?	Direction relative to north
3	C. Backcountry Navigation	What is the purpose of an altimeter?	Measure altitude
4	C. Backcountry Navigation	What feature on a map shows elevation?	Contour lines
5	C. Backcountry Navigation	What is the term for navigating using landmarks?	Dead reckoning
1	D. Genetics: Chromosomes	What is the term for a section of DNA that codes for a trait?	Gene
2	D. Genetics: Chromosomes	Which scientist helped discover the double-helix structure?	Watson and Crick
3	D. Genetics: Chromosomes	What are the two types of sex chromosomes?	X and Y
4	D. Genetics: Chromosomes	What is DNA short for?	Deoxyribonucleic acid
5	D. Genetics: Chromosomes	How many chromosomes do humans have?	46
1	E. Concert Technology	What does a PA system do?	Projects sound to audience
2	E. Concert Technology	What is a sound engineer responsible for?	Mixing audio
3	E. Concert Technology	What type of speaker is used for bass?	Subwoofer
4	E. Concert Technology	What does a lighting console control?	Stage lighting
5	E. Concert Technology	What is a setlist?	A list of songs performed