1	A. Wildfires	What is a wildfire?	A large, uncontrolled fire in natural areas
2	A. Wildfires	Which season sees the most wildfires?	Summer
3	A. Wildfires	What is a key safety measure during a wildfire?	Evacuation
4	A. Wildfires	Which weather condition can worsen wildfires?	High winds
5	A. Wildfires	What term describes a rapidly spreading wildfire?	Conflagration
1	B. Authors from New York state	Who wrote "The Godfather"?	Mario Puzo
2	B. Authors from New York state	Which New York author wrote "Death of a Salesman"?	Arthur Miller
3	B. Authors from New York state	Who is the author of "Charlotte's Web"?	EB White
4	B. Authors from New York state	Who authored "The Naked and the Dead"?	Norman Mailer
5	B. Authors from New York state	Which Harlem-born author is celebrated for exploring race in America?	James Baldwin
1	C. Swimming Training	Which accessory protects swimmers' eyes underwater?	Goggles
2	C. Swimming Training	What headgear do swimmers wear to reduce drag?	Swim cap
3	C. Swimming Training	What is the fastest competitive swimming stroke?	Freestyle
4	C. Swimming Training	How long is an Olympic swimming pool?	50 meters
5	C. Swimming Training	What tool is used to practice kicking technique?	Kickboard
1	D. Desert Ecosystems and Wildlife	Which plant is common in deserts?	Cactus
2	D. Desert Ecosystems and Wildlife	Which animal is known for storing water in its hump?	Camel
3	D. Desert Ecosystems and Wildlife	When is the desert usually coolest?	Early morning
4	D. Desert Ecosystems and Wildlife	How do desert animals avoid the daytime heat?	Nocturnal behavior
5	D. Desert Ecosystems and Wildlife	Which desert animal has large ears for cooling?	Fennec fox
1	E. Ancient Greece	Which epic poem recounts the Trojan War?	The Iliad
2	E. Ancient Greece	Who was the king of the Greek gods?	Zeus
3	E. Ancient Greece	What is the famous temple in Athens called?	The Parthenon
4	E. Ancient Greece	Which philosopher taught Plato?	Socrates
5	E. Ancient Greece	Who is known as the Father of History?	Herodotus