1	A. History: Railroads	What powered the earliest trains?	Steam engines
2	A. History: Railroads	Which country built the first public railway?	England
3	A. History: Railroads	What major railway connected the east and west of the U.S.?	Transcontinental Railroad
4	A. History: Railroads	Which famous train linked Paris and Istanbul?	Orient Express
5	A. History: Railroads	What was the first American railroad?	Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
1	B. Genetics: Mutation	Can mutations be inherited?	Yes
2	B. Genetics: Mutation	Can viruses cause mutations?	Yes
3	B. Genetics: Mutation	Can radiation cause mutations	Yes
4	B. Genetics: Mutation	Which scientist is famous for studying mutations?	Gregor Mendel
5	B. Genetics: Mutation	What famous theory did mutations help prove?	Evolution
1	C. Longest Land Borders in the World	Which two countries share the longest land border?	Canada and USA
2	C. Longest Land Borders in the World	Which South American countries share the longest border?	Argentina and Chile
3	C. Longest Land Borders in the World	Which country has the longest land border overall?	China
4	C. Longest Land Borders in the World	Which European country has the most land borders?	Germany
5	C. Longest Land Borders in the World	Which two Asian countries share the longest border?	China and Mongolia
1	D. Pastoral Poetry	What do pastoral poems often idealize?	Simple country life
2	D. Pastoral Poetry	Which poet wrote 'Lycidas'?	John Milton
3	D. Pastoral Poetry	Who wrote 'The Passionate Shepherd to His Love'?	Christopher Marlowe
4	D. Pastoral Poetry	Which ancient poet is famous for pastoral poetry?	Virgil
5	D. Pastoral Poetry	What is a shepherd often called in pastoral poetry?	Swain
1	E. Celebrity Gossip	Which award show has a red carpet?	Oscars
2	E. Celebrity Gossip	Which actor played Jack in 'Titanic'?	Leonardo DiCaprio
3	E. Celebrity Gossip	What entertainment outlet specializes in celebrity gossip>	TMZ
4	E. Celebrity Gossip	Which reality TV family is famous for their celebrity drama?	Kardashians
5	E. Celebrity Gossip	Which pop star is known for surprise album drops?	Beyoncé