1	A. History of Motorsports	Which American race, started in 1911, is called "The Greatest Spectacle in Racing"?	Indianapolis 500
2	A. History of Motorsports	What was the first car brand to win a Grand Prix in 1901?	Mercedes
3	A. History of Motorsports	Who won the first official NASCAR race in 1949?	Lee Petty
4	A. History of Motorsports	What motorsport began as moonshine runners evading police in the 1940s?	NASCAR
5	A. History of Motorsports	What was the top speed of the first race-winning car in 1894?	12 mph
1	B. Country Singers from Louisiana	Who from Louisiana sang "Louisiana Woman, Mississippi Man" with Conway Twitty?	Loretta Lynn
2	B. Country Singers from Louisiana	Which Louisiana-born singer is known for "Folsom Prison Blues"?	Johnny Cash
3	B. Country Singers from Louisiana	What country singer from Louisiana is famous for "Jambalaya"?	Hank Williams Sr.
4	B. Country Singers from Louisiana	Which Louisiana artist sang "Achy Breaky Heart"?	Billy Ray Cyrus
5	B. Country Singers from Louisiana	What country star from Louisiana sang "He Stopped Loving Her Today"?	George Jones
1	C. Cubism	Which artist co-founded Cubism with Georges Braque?	Pablo Picasso
2	C. Cubism	What city was the center of the Cubism movement?	Paris
3	C. Cubism	What art style did Cubism rebel against?	Realism
4	C. Cubism	Which Cubist artist was known for his violin and bottle still lifes?	Juan Gris
5	C. Cubism	Which French artist painted "The Guitarist" in Cubist style?	Georges Braque
1	D. Geography of Minnesota	Which city is Minnesota’s capital?	St. Paul
2	D. Geography of Minnesota	What is Minnesota’s nickname due to its many lakes?	Land of 10,000 Lakes
3	D. Geography of Minnesota	What large lake forms part of Minnesota’s northern border?	Lake Superior
4	D. Geography of Minnesota	What Minnesota city sits across the river from Fargo, North Dakota?	Moorhead
5	D. Geography of Minnesota	What is the highest point in Minnesota, at 2,301 feet?	Eagle Mountain
1	E. Causes of World Wars	Which country’s invasion of Poland started World War II?	Germany
2	E. Causes of World Wars	Which assassination in 1914 sparked World War I?	Archduke Franz Ferdinand
3	E. Causes of World Wars	What ideology drove Germany’s aggression in World War II?	Nazism
4	E. Causes of World Wars	What sinking of a ship in 1915 pulled the U.S. toward World War I?	Lusitania
5	E. Causes of World Wars	What treaty’s harsh terms helped cause World War II?	Treaty of Versailles