1	A. Revolutions: Arab Spring	What was the main demand of Arab Spring protesters?	Democracy
2	A. Revolutions: Arab Spring	Which North African country had major protests in the city of Sidi Bouzid?	Tunisia
3	A. Revolutions: Arab Spring	Which Libyan leader was overthrown in 2011?	Muammar Gaddafi
4	A. Revolutions: Arab Spring	Which social media platform played a key role in the Arab Spring?	Twitter
5	A. Revolutions: Arab Spring	Which country’s protests started the Arab Spring?	Tunisia
1	B. Mountains and Ecosystems	Which North American mountain range extends from Canada to New Mexico?	Rockies
2	B. Mountains and Ecosystems	Which mountain range runs along the eastern U.S.?	Appalachians
3	B. Mountains and Ecosystems	Which is the highest mountain range in the world?	Himalayas
4	B. Mountains and Ecosystems	Which European mountain range separates France from Spain?	Pyrenees
5	B. Mountains and Ecosystems	What type of trees are common in mountainous regions?	Conifers
1	C. Winter sports: Sledding	What do sledders use to steer a traditional wooden sled?	Their feet
2	C. Winter sports: Sledding	Which winter sport is similar to sledding but uses a single board?	Snowboarding
3	C. Winter sports: Sledding	Which ancient civilization used sleds to transport heavy objects?	Egyptians
4	C. Winter sports: Sledding	Which Olympic sport involves racing on a small sled feet-first?	Luge
5	C. Winter sports: Sledding	Which famous sled race takes place in Alaska?	Iditarod
1	D. Literary Genre: Satire	Which American writer is known for satire in "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn"?	Mark Twain
2	D. Literary Genre: Satire	Which magazine is famous for political satire?	The Onion
3	D. Literary Genre: Satire	Which book (the pigs take control!) is a satire of totalitarian governments?	Animal Farm
4	D. Literary Genre: Satire	Which French writer satirized the Catholic Church in "Candide"?	Voltaire
5	D. Literary Genre: Satire	Which English writer is famous for satirical works like "Gulliver’s Travels"?	Jonathan Swift
1	E. Scientific inventions: Internet	What does "WWW" stand for?	World Wide Web
2	E. Scientific inventions: Internet	Which search engine was first launched in 1998?	Google
3	E. Scientific inventions: Internet	Which decade saw the birth of the internet?	1960s
4	E. Scientific inventions: Internet	Which company invented the first popular web browser?	Netscape
5	E. Scientific inventions: Internet	What does "URL" stand for?	Uniform Resource Locator