1	A. Polymers	What are polymers made of?	Monomers
2	A. Polymers	What is a common plastic polymer used in bottles?	Polyethylene
3	A. Polymers	Which polymer is used to make stretchy materials like spandex?	Polyurethane
4	A. Polymers	What polymer is used in non-stick cookware like Teflon?	Polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE)
5	A. Polymers	What polymer is found in chewing gum?	Polyvinyl acetate
1	B. Rugby Equipment	What protective padding can players wear on their shoulders?	Shoulder pads
2	B. Rugby Equipment	What piece of equipment is used to hold the ball steady for a kick?	Kicking tee
3	B. Rugby Equipment	What is the name of the uniform worn by rugby players?	Jersey
4	B. Rugby Equipment	What kind of goalposts does rugby have?	H-shaped goalposts
5	B. Rugby Equipment	What protective gear do rugby players wear on their heads?	Scrum cap
1	C. Time Zones and Travel	What is the time difference between New York and Los Angeles?	3 hours
2	C. Time Zones and Travel	What do we call the feeling of tiredness after traveling across time zones?	Jet lag
3	C. Time Zones and Travel	What is the name of the time zone that follows the Prime Meridian?	Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
4	C. Time Zones and Travel	Which time zone does Paris belong to?	Central European Time (CET)
5	C. Time Zones and Travel	How many time zones are there in the world?	24
1	D. Broadway Musicals	What musical is about Alexander Hamilton’s life?	Hamilton
2	D. Broadway Musicals	Which Broadway show is based on "The Wizard of Oz"?	Wicked
3	D. Broadway Musicals	What musical tells the story of Jean Valjean and the French Revolution?	Les Misérables
4	D. Broadway Musicals	What Broadway show features the song "Memory"?	Cats
5	D. Broadway Musicals	What Broadway show has the song "The Circle of Life"?	The Lion King
1	E. The Great Gatsby	Who wrote "The Great Gatsby"?	F. Scott Fitzgerald
2	E. The Great Gatsby	What is the name of the main character in "The Great Gatsby"?	Jay Gatsby
3	E. The Great Gatsby	What city does "The Great Gatsby" take place near?	New York City
4	E. The Great Gatsby	What is the name of Gatsby’s lost love?	Daisy Buchanan
5	E. The Great Gatsby	How does "The Great Gatsby" end for Gatsby?	He is shot and killed