1	A. Gemstone Colors	What color is an emerald?	Green
2	A. Gemstone Colors	What color is a sapphire?	Blue
3	A. Gemstone Colors	What color is a ruby?	Red
4	A. Gemstone Colors	What is the rare color of alexandrite?	Red-Green
5	A. Gemstone Colors	What gemstone is known for its deep purple color?	Amethyst
1	B. Ancient Greek Gods	Who is the Greek god of the sea?	Poseidon
2	B. Ancient Greek Gods	Who is the Greek goddess of wisdom?	Athena
3	B. Ancient Greek Gods	Who is the Greek god of the underworld?	Hades
4	B. Ancient Greek Gods	Who is the king of the Greek gods?	Zeus
5	B. Ancient Greek Gods	Who is the Greek god of music and prophecy?	Apollo
1	C. Denver, Colorado	What is the name of Denver's NFL football team?	Broncos
2	C. Denver, Colorado	What is Denver's nickname relted to its elevation?	Mile High City
3	C. Denver, Colorado	What iconic food item was invented in Denver early 20th century?	Denver Omelette
4	C. Denver, Colorado	What historic Denver building has a step marked exacle 1 mile above sea level?	Colorado State Capitol Building
5	C. Denver, Colorado	What was the name of the pre-1995 Denver International Airport?	Stapleton
1	D. Modern Architecture	What modern architect designed Fallingwater?	Frank Lloyd Wright
2	D. Modern Architecture	Who designed the Guggenheim Museum in New York?	Frank Gehry
3	D. Modern Architecture	What building is known for its spiral design?	Guggenheim
4	D. Modern Architecture	What is the name of the tallest building in Dubai?	Burj Khalifa
5	D. Modern Architecture	Who designed the glass pyramid at the Louvre?	I.M. Pei
1	E. Famous Monuments	What monument is shaped like a giant gateway?	Gateway Arch,  St. Louis
2	E. Famous Monuments	What ancient monument is located in Giza?	Great Pyramid
3	E. Famous Monuments	What monument honors the 16th U.S. president?	Lincoln Memorial
4	E. Famous Monuments	What is the tallest monument in Washington, D.C.?	Washington Monument
5	E. Famous Monuments	What French monument is known for its iron lattice?	Eiffel Tower