1	A. Famous Revolutionaries	Who led the American Revolution against British rule?	George Washington
2	A. Famous Revolutionaries	Which revolutionary is known for the phrase "Give me liberty or give me death"?	Patrick Henry
3	A. Famous Revolutionaries	Who led the fight for Indian independence?	Mahatma Gandhi
4	A. Famous Revolutionaries	Who led the Cuban Revolution?	Che Guevara
5	A. Famous Revolutionaries	Which French revolutionary was associated with the guillotine?	Robespierre
1	B. Mountain Ranges	Which mountain range is the tallest in the world?	Himalayas
2	B. Mountain Ranges	What mountain range spans North and South America?	Andes
3	B. Mountain Ranges	Which mountain range is in the eastern United States?	Apalachians
4	B. Mountain Ranges	Which mountain range is located in Europe?	Alps
5	B. Mountain Ranges	What mountain range forms the border between Europe and Asia?	Urals
1	C. Science Gadgets	What handheld device measures temperature?	Thermometer
2	C. Science Gadgets	What scientific tool magnifies tiny objects?	Microscope
3	C. Science Gadgets	What device measures atmospheric pressure?	Barometer
4	C. Science Gadgets	What instrument is used to measure electrical current?	Multimeter
5	C. Science Gadgets	What tool allows astronomers to observe distant stars?	Telescope
1	D. Desert Landscapes	What is a mound, hill or ridge of loose sand called?	Sand Dune
2	D. Desert Landscapes	What is a fertile area in a desert with water called?	Oasis
3	D. Desert Landscapes	What is a dry riverbed in a desert called?	Wadi
4	D. Desert Landscapes	Which flat-topped, elevated desert feature is made of exposed, hard rock?	Plateau
5	D. Desert Landscapes	What is large, flat plain is used for land speed records?	Bonneville Salt Flats
1	E. Hollywood Stars	Which Hollywood star was nicknamed "The Duke"?	John Wayne
2	E. Hollywood Stars	Which Hollywood star played in "Casablanca"?	Humphrey Bogart
3	E. Hollywood Stars	Who played Forrest Gump in the movie?	Tom Hanks
4	E. Hollywood Stars	Which Hollywood actress starred in "The Wizard of Oz"?	Judy Garland
5	E. Hollywood Stars	Who is the actress famous for "Breakfast at Tiffany's"?	Audrey Hepburn