1	A. Famous Women in History	Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic?	Amelia Earhart
2	A. Famous Women in History	Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?	Marie Curie
3	A. Famous Women in History	Who led the women's suffrage movement in the U.S.?	Susan B. Anthony
4	A. Famous Women in History	Who was the British prime minister known as the "Iron Lady"?	Margaret Thatcher
5	A. Famous Women in History	Who founded the Missionaries of Charity?	Mother Teresa
1	B. Military Ranks	What is the lowest enlisted rank in the U.S. Army?	Private
2	B. Military Ranks	What is the title for the leader of a Navy ship?	Captain
3	B. Military Ranks	What is the highest rank in the U.S. Army?	General
4	B. Military Ranks	What is the naval equivalent of an Army captain?	Lieutenant
5	B. Military Ranks	What rank follows major in the Army?	Lieutenant Colonel
1	C. The Industrial Revolution	What invention allowed communication over long distances in the 19th century?	Telegraph
2	C. The Industrial Revolution	Who improved the steam engine in 1765?	James Watt
3	C. The Industrial Revolution	What industry was the primary driver of the Industrial Revolution?	Textile
4	C. The Industrial Revolution	What movement organized labor during the Industrial Revolution?	Trade Unions
5	C. The Industrial Revolution	What machine revolutionized the cotton industry in the 18th century?	Cotton Gin
1	D. Asian Cuisine	What rice dish is a staple of Chinese cuisine?	Fried Rice
2	D. Asian Cuisine	What Japanese dish consists of raw fish and rice?	Sushi
3	D. Asian Cuisine	What Korean dish is fermented cabbage?	Kimchi
4	D. Asian Cuisine	What Indian bread is baked in a tandoor?	Naan
5	D. Asian Cuisine	What Thai dish is made with stir-fried noodles?	Pad Thai
1	E. Famous Entrepreneurs	Who founded Microsoft?	Bill Gates
2	E. Famous Entrepreneurs	Who founded Amazon?	Jeff Bezos
3	E. Famous Entrepreneurs	Who founded Tesla and SpaceX?	Elon Musk
4	E. Famous Entrepreneurs	Who founded Facebook?	Mark Zuckerberg
5	E. Famous Entrepreneurs	Who founded the Ford Motor Company?	Henry Ford