1	A. The Wild West	The iconic outlaw William H. Bonney was known as ______.	Billy the Kid
2	A. The Wild West	The iconic showman William F. Cody was known as ______.	Buffalo Bill
3	A. The Wild West	What tough deputy US marshal was involved in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral?	Wyatt Earl
4	A. The Wild West	Which Native American leader fought at the Battle of Little Bighorn?	Sitting Bull
5	A. The Wild West	In what historic town was the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral?	Tombstone, Arizona
1	B. U.S. National Symbols	What bird is the national symbol of the U.S.?	Bald Eagle
2	B. U.S. National Symbols	What does the Statue of Liberty hold in her right hand?	Torch
3	B. U.S. National Symbols	What is the U.S. national motto?	In God We Trust
4	B. U.S. National Symbols	What U.S. national park is home to Old Faithful?	Yellowstone
5	B. U.S. National Symbols	What colors are on the U.S. flag?	Red, White, Blue
1	C. Space Exploration	What was the first satellite sent into space by the U.S.?	Explorer 1
2	C. Space Exploration	Who was the first American astronaut to orbit Earth?	John Glenn
3	C. Space Exploration	What is the name of the first successful Mars rover?	Sojourner
4	C. Space Exploration	What telescope was launched into space in 1990?	Hubble
5	C. Space Exploration	What is the name of NASA’s space shuttle replacement?	Orion
1	D. Endangered Species	What animal is known as the "King of the Jungle"?	Lion
2	D. Endangered Species	What large marine mammal is endangered due to whaling?	Blue Whale
3	D. Endangered Species	What rainforest bird is famous for its colorful beak?	Toucan
4	D. Endangered Species	What species of tiger is critically endangered?	Siberian Tiger
5	D. Endangered Species	What type of bear is native to China and endangered?	Giant Panda
1	E. Nobel Prize Winners	Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?	Marie Curie
2	E. Nobel Prize Winners	What Nobel category did Albert Einstein win?	Physics
3	E. Nobel Prize Winners	What country awards the Nobel Prizes?	Sweden
4	E. Nobel Prize Winners	Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964?	Martin Luther King Jr.
5	E. Nobel Prize Winners	Who is the youngest Nobel Prize winner (Pakistani, Peace Prize)?	Malala Yousafzai