1	A. Capitals of Europe	Which city is the capital of Germany?	Berlin
2	A. Capitals of Europe	What is the capital of Spain?	Madrid
3	A. Capitals of Europe	Which city is the capital of the Netherlands?	Amsterdam
4	A. Capitals of Europe	Which European capital is divided by the River Danube?	Budapest
5	A. Capitals of Europe	Which European capital is known as the "City of Music"?	Vienna
1	B. Ancient Egypt	Who was the famous queen of Ancient Egypt known for her alliance with Julius Caesar and Mark Antony?	Cleopatra
2	B. Ancient Egypt	What was the primary material used to make paper in Ancient Egypt?	Papyrus
3	B. Ancient Egypt	What is the name of the sun god in Ancient Egyptian mythology?	Ra
4	B. Ancient Egypt	What writing system did the Ancient Egyptians use?	Hieroglyphics
5	B. Ancient Egypt	Who was the boy king whose tomb was discovered in 1922?	Tutankhamun
1	C. Classic Movies	Who directed the classic 1941 film "Citizen Kane"?	Orson Welles
2	C. Classic Movies	What is the name of the fictional plantation in "Gone with the Wind"?	Tara
3	C. Classic Movies	What iconic line is spoken in "Casablanca": "Here's looking at you, ___"?	Kid
4	C. Classic Movies	Which 1960 film features the character Norman Bates?	Psycho
5	C. Classic Movies	What 1959 historical epic starred Charlton Heston as a Jewish prince?	Ben-Hur
1	D. Ancient Greek Epics	Who is the author of the epic poem "The Iliad"?	Homer
2	D. Ancient Greek Epics	What creature does Odysseus encounter that has one eye?	Cyclops
3	D. Ancient Greek Epics	What city is under siege in "The Iliad"?	Troy
4	D. Ancient Greek Epics	Which warrior is considered the greatest Greek hero in "The Iliad"?	Achilles
5	D. Ancient Greek Epics	Who is the wife of Odysseus, known for her loyalty?	Penelope
1	E. Galaxies	What is the study of galaxies and their formation called?	Galactic astronomy
2	E. Galaxies	What is the main factor determining a galaxy's color?	Age of its stars
3	E. Galaxies	What is the term for galaxies moving away from us?	Redshift
4	E. Galaxies	What type of galaxy is the Milky Way?	Spiral galaxy
5	E. Galaxies	What is the closest galaxy to the Milky Way?	Andromeda galaxy