1	A. Elements and Compounds	What is the chemical symbol for water?	H2O
2	A. Elements and Compounds	What gas do plants primarily produce during photosynthesis?	Oxygen
3	A. Elements and Compounds	What 3 nutrients (NPK) are found in plant fertilizers?	Nitrogen, Phosphorous, Potassium
4	A. Elements and Compounds	What element is known as the lightest metal?	Lithium
5	A. Elements and Compounds	What is the most abundant element in the Earth's crust?	Oxygen
1	B. Video Game Characters	Who is the main character of the game "Super Mario"?	Mario
2	B. Video Game Characters	Who is the princess Mario often rescues?	Princess Peach
3	B. Video Game Characters	What character collects rings in "Sonic the Hedgehog"?	Sonic
4	B. Video Game Characters	Who is the main protagonist in the "Halo" series?	Master Chief
5	B. Video Game Characters	What is the name of Link’s horse in "The Legend of Zelda"?	Epona
1	C. Famous Spies	Who was the British spy known as 007?	James Bond
2	C. Famous Spies	Who is the fictional spy in "Mission: Impossible"?	Ethan Hunt
3	C. Famous Spies	What was the real name of the Soviet spy known as "The Red Spy"?	Julius Rosenberg
4	C. Famous Spies	Who was the double agent responsible for the Cambridge Five spy ring?	Kim Philby
5	C. Famous Spies	Which American spy was known for her work in WWII as a secret agent?	Virginia Hall
1	D. Historical Mythologies	Who was the king of the Norse gods?	Odin
2	D. Historical Mythologies	Who was the Greek god of the sea?	Poseidon
3	D. Historical Mythologies	In Roman mythology, who was the goddess of love?	Venus
4	D. Historical Mythologies	What is the name of the Hindu god with the elephant head?	Ganesha
5	D. Historical Mythologies	Who is the Egyptian god of the afterlife?	Osiris
1	E. Just Do It. Nike	In Greek mythology, Nike was the goddess of _____	Victory
2	E. Just Do It. Nike	Who founded Nike?	Phil Knight
3	E. Just Do It. Nike	Where is Nike's global campus located?	Beaverton, OR
4	E. Just Do It. Nike	What runner, who died at 24, was an early Nike inspiration and icon?	Steve Prefontaine ("Pre")
5	E. Just Do It. Nike	What movie was about the Nike and Michael Jordan connection?	"Air"