1	A. History of Baseball	Who holds the record for the longest hitting streak in MLB history?	Joe DiMaggio
2	A. History of Baseball	What year did Jackie Robinson break the color barrier in MLB?	1947
3	A. History of Baseball	Who was the first player inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame?	Ty Cobb
4	A. History of Baseball	Which stadium is the oldest Major League Baseball park still in use?	Fenway Park
5	A. History of Baseball	What year was the first World Series played?	1903
1	B. Physics - Mechanics	What is the force that opposes motion between two surfaces in contact?	Friction
2	B. Physics - Mechanics	What term describes the tendency of an object to resist changes in motion?	Inertia
3	B. Physics - Mechanics	Who formulated the three laws of motion?	Isaac Newton
4	B. Physics - Mechanics	What is the product of mass and velocity called?	Momentum
5	B. Physics - Mechanics	What is the center point of an object's weight distribution called?	Center of Gravity
1	C. Classic Fairy Tales	What did Cinderella lose at the ball?	Glass Slipper
2	C. Classic Fairy Tales	Who climbed a beanstalk to find a giant?	Jack
3	C. Classic Fairy Tales	Which fairy tale features a house made of candy?	Hansel and Gretel
4	C. Classic Fairy Tales	Who was locked in a tower by a witch?	Rapunzel
5	C. Classic Fairy Tales	Who spun straw into gold for the miller's daughter?	Rumpelstiltskin
1	D. Movies: Action and Adventure	Which 1981 film follows the adventures of archaeologist Indiana Jones?	Raiders of the Lost Ark
2	D. Movies: Action and Adventure	Which action film series features a character named John McClane?	Die Hard
3	D. Movies: Action and Adventure	In which 2003 film does a pirate captain search for the Black Pearl?	Pirates of the Caribbean
4	D. Movies: Action and Adventure	What 2015 action film was subtitled "Fury Road"?	Mad Max
5	D. Movies: Action and Adventure	Which James Bond film introduced the character Jaws?	The Spy Who Loved Me
1	E. The Magna Carta	What does "Magna Carta" translate to in English?	Great Charter
2	E. The Magna Carta	Who was the English king forced to sign the Magna Carta?	King John
3	E. The Magna Carta	Where was the Magna Carta signed?	Runnymede
4	E. The Magna Carta	What year was the Magna Carta signed?	1215
5	E. The Magna Carta	Which clause of the Magna Carta is still part of English and U.S. law?	Habeas Corpus