1	A. Planets	What is the largest planet in our solar system?	Jupiter
2	A. Planets	Which planet has the most moons discovered so far?	Saturn
3	A. Planets	What planet was reclassified as a dwarf planet in 2006?	Pluto
4	A. Planets	Which planet is famous for its prominent ring system?	Saturn
5	A. Planets	Which planet has the Great Dark Spot?	Neptune
1	B. Dadaism	Which art movement emerged as a reaction to World War I?	Dadaism
2	B. Dadaism	Who is considered a key founder of Dadaism?	Marcel Duchamp
3	B. Dadaism	What city was a major center for Dada activities?	Zurich
4	B. Dadaism	Which movement did Dadaism heavily influence: Impressionism, Realism or Surrealism?	Surrealism
5	B. Dadaism	What was a common Dadaist theme mocking societal norms: Light, Nonsense, or Landscape?	Nonsense
1	C. The Holy Roman Empire	Who was crowned the first Holy Roman Emperor in 800 AD?	Charlemagne
2	C. The Holy Roman Empire	What was the main religion of the Holy Roman Empire?	Catholicism
3	C. The Holy Roman Empire	What was the primary language of administration in the Holy Roman Empire?	Latin
4	C. The Holy Roman Empire	Which treaty ended the Thirty Years’ War within the Empire?	Peace of Westphalia
5	C. The Holy Roman Empire	Which dynasty ruled the Holy Roman Empire for much of the late Middle Ages?	Habsburg
1	D. Gentrification	Gentrification describes the influx of wealthier residents into a what areas?	Working-class
2	D. Gentrification	What is a common criticism of gentrification regarding original residents?	Displacement
3	D. Gentrification	Which U.S. city is often cited as an early example of gentrification?	New York
4	D. Gentrification	Which New York City district became a gentrification model?	SoHo
5	D. Gentrification	What type of businesses often appear in gentrified areas?	Boutiques
1	E. Football Rules	How many players are on the field for one team during a football play?	11
2	E. Football Rules	Which player typically snaps the ball to start a play?	Center
3	E. Football Rules	What is the name of the line where play begins?	Line of scrimmage
4	E. Football Rules	The term "down", when the ball is put into play and then stopped, comes from what sport?	Rugby
5	E. Football Rules	What is the penalty called when the quarterback throws the ball away to avoid a sack?	Intentional grounding