1	A. Coral Reefs	What is the largest coral reef system in the world?	Great Barrier Reef
2	A. Coral Reefs	Which ocean has the most coral reefs?	Pacific Ocean
3	A. Coral Reefs	What type of fish is famous for living among coral reefs, like Nemo?	Clownfish
4	A. Coral Reefs	What is the main material coral reefs are made from?	Calcium carbonate
5	A. Coral Reefs	What is a common predator of coral polyps?	Parrotfish
1	B. Fantasy Literature	Who wrote the "Harry Potter" series?	J.K. Rowling
2	B. Fantasy Literature	What is the name of the fictional world in "The Lord of the Rings"?	Middle-earth
3	B. Fantasy Literature	Which fantasy series includes the book "The Hobbit"?	The Lord of the Rings
4	B. Fantasy Literature	Who is the author of the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series?	George R.R. Martin
5	B. Fantasy Literature	What is the name of the dragon in "The Hobbit"?	Smaug
1	C. World Records in Swimming	What is the name of the street rat who finds a magic lamp in "Aladdin"?	Aladdin
2	C. World Records in Swimming	What magical object allows Aladdin to fly?	Magic carpet
3	C. World Records in Swimming	Who is the princess Aladdin falls in love with?	Jasmine
4	C. World Records in Swimming	What is the name of the villain who seeks the lamp?	Jafar
5	C. World Records in Swimming	What is the name of the animal that is Aladdin's loyal friend in the movie?	Abu
1	D. Celebrity Endorsements	In which New York City borough is Barclays Center located?	Brooklyn
2	D. Celebrity Endorsements	What NBA team calls Barclays Center home?	Brooklyn Nets
3	D. Celebrity Endorsements	Which WNBA team plays at Barclays Center?	New York Liberty
4	D. Celebrity Endorsements	Which architect designed the Barclays Center?	Frank Gehry
5	D. Celebrity Endorsements	What is the name of the retail and office complex attached to Barclays Center?	Atlantic Yards
1	E. Seattle	What is the name of Seattle’s famous observation tower?	Space Needle
2	E. Seattle	What is the name of Seattle’s NFL team?	Seahawks
3	E. Seattle	Which body of water borders Seattle to the west?	Puget Sound
4	E. Seattle	Which TV show set in Seattle features Dr. Frasier Crane?	Frasier
5	E. Seattle	What is the nickname for Seattle due to its green surroundings?	Emerald City